Team analytics (#265)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/agent-chat/analytics.md

    
3. **Avg. Resolution Time**

    This metric 'Average resolution time' should be the average time taken by the agent till there are no messages sent in a chat session. Only the chats that were completed during the selected time range will be taken into account. Chats may have been created anytime (inside and outside the selected time range). Resolution time is simply calculated from the user’s first message sent timestamp till the last agent/user message timestamp in a chat.
    

## Chat Stats

![Chat_stats](assets/chat_stats.png)

1. **Total Chats received** 
    
    All ongoing chats that started in the chosen time duration. This includes chats in waiting, queued as well the completed chats. The total of all chats in the selected time from the time-date picker.

> 2. **Completed by agents** 

Reviewer: mention the date after which this data is available

Author: done.

    
> Please do not confuse this with the RoI calculations shared by the Customer Success manager. 

## Agent Statistics

![Agent_stats](assets/agent_stats_table.png)

1. **Agent Name**

   When the agent was created, the name here is the username chosen for this agent. 
   
2. **Avg. First Response Time** (FRT)

    FRT here is same as defined above in Time stats. Just the change being, this metric is for the single agent. And the metric above is on a Team level.
    
2. **Avg. Response Time** (RT)

    Response Time here is same as defined above in Time stats. Just the change being, this metric is for the single agent. And the metric above is on a Team level.
    
3. **Avg. Resolution Time**

    Resolution Time here is same as defined above in Time stats. Just the change being, this metric is for the single agent. And the metric above is on a Team level.
    
4. **Chats received**

    Similar to the Total Chats received, this metric is calculated at an agent level. And the Total chats received metric in Chat stats section above is at a Team level that is the Total chats received for the Team. 

> 

Reviewer 2: Definition for **Chats Completed** is missing

Author: Agent level: Chats completed we decided to add later as per the standup today, right? Since Deep highlighted that there could be data discrepancy.

Author: We will only add Chats completed at the team level in this sprint.

Reviewer 2: Okay, Yeah.

    
3. **Avg. Resolution Time**

    This metric 'Average resolution time' should be the average time taken by the agent till there are no messages sent in a chat session. Only the chats that were completed during the selected time range will be taken into account. Chats may have been created anytime (inside and outside the selected time range). Resolution time is simply calculated from the user’s first message sent timestamp till the last agent/user message timestamp in a chat.
    

## Chat Stats

![Chat_stats](assets/chat_stats.png)

1. **Total Chats Received** 
    
    All ongoing chats that started in the chosen time duration. This includes chats in waiting, queued chats as well as completed chats. The total of all chats in the selected time duration from the time-date picker.

2. **Completed by Agents** 
    
    If chat disposition exists for a chat that means this conversation was marked complete via the agent. Total count of chats which were completed by agents in a particular team will be shown here.
    
> Note that this completed metric count is available starting from 24 March 2020 only. 

3. **Abandoned by Users**
    

>     This metric counts all conversations which transfer from an Haptik bot to a human agent and the user_message_count = 0 after the human agent is assigned. That means all chats wherein user gets an agent assigned but the user drops-off before sending a message would be counted as an abandoned chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This metric counts all conversations which transfer from a Haptik bot to a human agent and the user did not send any message after the human agent was assigned. That means all chats wherein user gets an agent assigned but the user drops-off before sending a message would be counted as an abandoned chat.
```

    
> Edge case scenario - Consider another scenario when in conversation A, user chats with agent 1 and this agent 1 logs out after replying back to user’s query. In the same conversation A, user comes back and sends a message, now say this chat goes to agent 2 and the user doesn’t return. Now, if the chat goes to the complete state, we consider this chat as abandoned for agent 2.

4. **Delayed**
    
    This metric gets us a count of all instances where the `First_agent_response_time` is greater than `Delay Time` value as setup from the Team settings section. 
    

## Overview

![Overview](assets/overview.png)

1. **Avg. User rating**

    Average rating of all chats where the end user submitted a feedback and an agent was involved. Since this is a Team level view, we consider all agents in this team only, that is all chats where the agents from the chosen team took part.

2. **Total Number of agents**

    The value here gives us the number of agents in a Team. Also note that an agent could be part of multiple teams. 

3. **Time saved of agents**

>     All chats where an Haptik bot (gogo) took part, we add up the "agent_resolution_time" for all such chats, that would be the total amount of time, Haptik bot (gogo) was responding to the end user, instead of an human agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All chats where an Haptik bot (gogo) took part, we add up the individual resolution time for all such chats, that would be the total amount of time, Haptik bot (gogo) was responding to the end user, instead of an human agent.
```
